Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to start working on the seller's account.
Okay, now, over this odd territory, we are going to create a new PHI and we're going to call this
Phi London on the score seller, on the score screen.
And this section is door darts.
Okay.
The London seller screen is going to look very similar to that of the London customer screen.
So what we can do, we can head out to the London customer screen and then we can use concur and hate
so alight and use control and see the copy and head back to the London cost sorry London seller screen
and we can then use control and V to paste this.
Okay.
And what we have to do now is to rename it.
You can just use control and to make this wide and over here we can alight and use control and D So
I like all the similar words.
Okay.
And we can then rename this to London.
Seller screen.
Okay, you can see why we created a verb already called root name.
And we are saying the name of the root is London Silver Screen.
Okay.
So it's good, right?
And we're going to be using another way to sign up the user.
And the reason for and the reason for this is so you understand multiple ways in order to sign up users.
Okay.
So this is the first way over the London customers screen.
What we basically did was to.
Create the functionality to sign up users over the controllers.
There are three and then the odd controller.
Okay.
So in this section we are going to use a bit different way to sign up users.
And like I said, the reason for this is so you understand multiple ways on how to implement source.
Okay, so what we can then do over the land in customer sorry land is sell a screen.
And you try and be we can just get rid of this.
We are not going to be using this pattern.
Get rid of this.
And maybe this as well.
Okay.
We're definitely going to have that era.
And we want to be able to pick image from.
Yeah, I think we need that.
We need the controller.
Remember the remote controller, we created the functionality to pick image, right?
So we are basically having assets to the class.
Then the function called peak image.
So we need that.
And we're going to have this error because the race is not defined.
Okay.
I'm just going to delete this function.
The latest.
Okay.
And yeah.
Click on this and get rid of this controller.
I'm going to show you another way to do this.
The hurry.
Okay.
And get rid of this.
And.
Get rid of this function over here.
Okay.
Simms Good.
Seems good.
And now we can then head back to the London customer screen use country and B and sorry.
We also do have to sell that file that we had created this route or via.
Yeah.
Right.
Okay, so back to the main ..5.
And over here you can see I've set the initial routes back to the London customer screen.
So via this is going to be London.
London cellar.
London cellar door.
What roots name?
I think some people pronounce this as the roots and.
Contest then this.
And we basically want to assess the London cellar.
Sorry, London.
Seller.
It's Korean.
Okay.
Great.
Okay, comma, use control and save and add back to.
The London customer screened London customer screen.
And.
And where we have the create customize account.
Okay.
Where we have this creates a seller's account, so create a seller's account.
And over here we are going to send navigator darts.
Instead of pushing a series of push, we are going to push name because it is a name route or a name
route like you can see it's asking for the route name or the routes name.
Okay.
It's this London.
London.
Silver.
London cellar.
London cellar screen.
I'm just waiting for all to prediction Dot Root's name and we need this over here and give this a heart
we start.
Waiting for all three started.
And we are definitely going to be able to see this.
Okay.
And back to.
I think it's faster to start this and click on Sign Up Now.
Okay.
We don't even know if it has gone.
Okay, we have to change the test.
Right.
Okay.
Over the London silver screen.
We have to then change the test.
This is going to be create a seller's account.
Sellers.
Seller's accounts is contrary and safe and hopefully we are currently in that screen.
Okay.
Create seller's account or probably we might say create a seller's account.
I think this looks nice.
Okay, great.
And the functionality of picking image is still there.
The phone and the email and password functionality.
We basically just copy the code.
Okay.
Now, what you're going to do is you're going to create a new file for the London login screen.
London seller's screen, sorry, seller's log in screen.
Right.
So you're going to create the login for that and you basically just need to copy all this code.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.